Brother, are you crazy?
How could he be Sunan?
This is one of the most difficult pieces ever.
Without ten years of foundation, it can't come out at all
Sunan, the beggar
How does he have time to study?
But that voice just now
Just like that bitch Sunan
I hear more like Sister Yingying's voice
Didn't he go to the bathroom?
I haven't come back yet, maybe?
This is going to the stage performance.
Are the people on the stage really blushing?
Hello, I'm Su Mingcheng's sister.
I have something to do with my brother
Can you wait for him here?
Isn't Ming Cheng's sister named Su Lan?
Who is it again?
Su Mingcheng actually introduced Su Nan as his sister
Is he really in love with that bitch?
Who are you, young lady?
We just met Mingcheng's sister
If you don't tell the truth
We'll call the police.
Hey, I'm really his cousin.
You misunderstood
The one named Sunan is an impostor
He's just a pheasant trying to climb into my brother's bed
Pardon me?